README.md, before:

# MMM-SensorTemps
Displays sensor temperature and humidity for multiple sensors. Uses http to collect sensor data from rest api.

This is a module for the [MagicMirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/).

Module takes sensor data via http from [RuuvitagRestGateway](https://github.com/sipuli93/RuuvitagRestGateway)

## Using the module

To use this module, add the following configuration block to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:
```js
var config = {
    modules: [
        {
             module: "MMM-SensorTemps",
             position: "bottom_center",
             config: {
                ruuvitagRestGatewayAddr: "http://<ip>:<port>",
                sensors: [
                    {
                        mac: "<mac address>",
                        name: "<sensor name>"
                    },
                ]
             }
        }
    ]
}
```

## Configuration options

| Option           | Description
|----------------- |-----------
| `ruuvitagRestGatewayAddr`        | *Required* Full url pointing to sensor in rest api. Example `http://<ip>:<port>`
| `sensors`        | *Required* List of sensors. Mac address and name.

Commit message:

Added option to send sensor temp and humidity via notification to other modules

README.md, after:

# MMM-SensorTemps
Displays sensor temperature and humidity for multiple sensors. Uses http to collect sensor data from rest api.

This is a module for the [MagicMirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/).

Module takes sensor data via http from [RuuvitagRestGateway](https://github.com/sipuli93/RuuvitagRestGateway)

## Using the module

To use this module, add the following configuration block to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:
```js
var config = {
    modules: [
        {
             module: "MMM-SensorTemps",
             position: "bottom_center",
             config: {
                ruuvitagRestGatewayAddr: "http://<ip>:<port>",
                sensors: [
                    {
                        mac: "<mac address>",
                        name: "<sensor name>",
			sendAsOutdoorNotification: false
                    },
                ]
             }
        }
    ]
}
```

## Configuration options

| Option           | Description
|----------------- |-----------
| `ruuvitagRestGatewayAddr` | *Required* Full url pointing to sensor in rest api. Example `http://<ip>:<port>`
| `sensors` | *Required* List of sensors. Mac address and name.
| `sendAsOutdoorNotification` | *Optional* false is default. When set to true, sensors temperature and humidity will be sended via notification to other modules (OUTDOOR_TEMPERATURE and OUTROOD_HUMIDITY)
